Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we are going to be doing this lecture is if the user chooses the catch on delivery and click
on confirm, we want to display something known as show model bottom sheds.
To do this over here within the material button, we can get rid of this.
And the next step is to know the radio button the user is currently selecting.
To do this, we need an EVE statement where so we can say if and we can call that variable we have above
called.
Selected, selected.
Selected item.
If it is equal to one, it means this is the first radio button.
The user just choose.
If it is equal to one.
We want to display something known as show model.
Bottom --.
The beta will always take in something known as contest.
And what we can then do is we can return a size box, can basically just use a container.
It is very similar and the way I think we need this and why we need that.
And also we can give the size box a height.
That is how long the shoe model bottom sheet is going to be.
And in order to make it more responsive, we can get the height of the screen by saying media query
that of contest the size, then the height and we just want to times it by zero.
The 30.
Okay.
Is controller and save.
And.
Okay.
And now we choose this catch on delivery.
Click on confirm.
Okay, Cisco and within the sandbox we can then have the chat property and basically we need two main
widget.
One is going to be a test with that and the other is going to be the button where the user is finally
going to be able to place the order.
So this is going to be column because those two widgets are going to be displayed vertically.
Children.
And this is going to be a test jet and it's going to just say payment.
Payment.
Payment from anywhere.
From anywhere.
Okay.
We can start this.
Sorry.
The STI.
This is going to be test i.
This STI oc.
Okay.
We could increase the font size to maybe 20.
I think you already know how this is going to display.
Right.
Okay.
And now we can have the button.
We cannot be contained in order to stay the button.
And we can give this button or the container height of 35.
I think you've seen all this before.
And also, we can give this a width.
I think we it we give that that from a button width of 0 to 90.
Or what we can just do is we can copy everything over its increase.
So from the width.
Down to the box decoration class.
Okay.
And most of the time you just have to do it from scratch in order for it to get used to you.
You can't be a programmer writing just.
One time code.
You have to do it repeatedly in order for it to get used to you.
Okay.
So we're basically given this container a height of 35 and a weight doesn't make it responsive.
We said media query lots of content sizes with advertising adviser that 90 and we are given this a a
decoration box decoration and color colors assigned.
Remember we are basically using the decoration in order to have access to a lot of property.
The container has and you can see we are giving this a body radius to make it a bit rounded.
Okay.
Now.
Let's go check it out.
Click on confirm again.
Okay, great.
And we the container, we can then have a chart.
It's going to be a material.
Material button.
It's always taking the oppressed because it is a function or it is a button.
You definitely need to click it and the chart.
We can just go ahead and say center.
And that doesn't make sure the test starts the middle and we can then have a test which is going to
say pay.
Okay.
And also, we can give this title this.
Says.
Stay.
Okay.
We can increase the font size, so maybe a thin default is going to be black so we can change the color
to colors.
That's why.
Okay.
This country to save.
And so you had your train come up always in order to give it a very cool format.
Okay.
Click on it again.
Confirm.
Okay.
You can see the over here.
And what we can also do is we can make it have equal space.
To do this, we have to go to the column and we can then say this element axis alignment.
Dot space equally okay to have equal space.
And remember the main element is going to work differently or explicitly for the row.
When using the main axis element for the row, it's going to make it go horizontally, right?
But for the column, it's going to make it go vertically.
So we are basically saying we want to give equal space between these two widgets vertically.
Right.
Okay.
Click on this again and this is cool.
And also we can display the prize and I think you've seen this before.
What you can just do is.
You know, that's a is a variable and it says we need a dollar sign.
And this and this is to to.
So it's a paid I think we call this top aide and we can then say dots a string as fixed and we need
to zero.
Okay.
And let's go check this out.
Click on this and confirm.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.